# Bookworm-Private-Library

I am an avid reader and like to collect books on a regular basis. I keep records of my collected books with pen and paper. But sometimes it gets messy, so I wanted to create a database for my library which will give me clear up to date information on various things in my library.
So, I wanted to keep information about Books like Book Code, number of total books, book title, book author, the date of collection, book price, book genre and of course book status which will tell if i read the book already or not , or am i currently reading! So that I could sort my reading list easily! 
It is important to know that Book Code could be the same for multiple books,(Of course they had to be the same books!, Like I have 3 copies of “Amar Bondhu Rashed”), some of my books have multiple authors. And also, some books may have multiple genres, like for example, Percy Jackson is a Young Adults and also a mythological thriller, and of course it belongs to Fantasy! I also wanted to make tags for each book other than genre, like the Tin Goyenda series is the Young Thriller genre but there are so many volumes that “Tin Goyenda” itself could be a tag for the Tin Goyenda series but mind, “Tin Goyenda” is not a genre!
I also wanted to keep info about the whereabouts the book is. Sometimes some of my friends borrow books from me, so I wanted to know If a book is on my bookshelves or if someone else has it! and who has it!
Those who borrow books from me, I want to keep their basic information like their name, phone number, and how many books they borrowed from the library, and which book is in their position currently.

